So people are showing it to you.
now
a new device that came as a replica of
iphone 5 s
a father he really very similar to
original perfect replica in all
details estojinho bruno yes
Do not open the battery.
open as original those screws
special to have that release case
possibility to increase memory
flash it in case it comes with 8 gb of
internal memory
this internal memory can be expanded
up to 64
just change the chip and have an internal chip
studio Strip replaces're're calling
he to you
knowing that the android 4.2.1 2 and rolling
one s
This handset is a quad core is the
only one I've seen there but
quad-core 1.3 all other clubs
certain is a gift cobb 1.2 and if it does not have 512
Ram washer angina or whether it is
double the performance of the others I
I have observed your quad core
processor has twice the performance
practically double the memory
remembering that the internal memory is 8
can be expanded to 64 all
Perfect
rolling the
antônio santi it's operational
very good led flashlight very good
photos of him are very clear I had
comparing with the original or intimate
for being a camera also another detail
important for all other devices
they offer a 5 megapixel camera
this 8-megapixel camera is not 5
so besides being a quad core having a gb
of ram double the performance
of the others, all others offer a
5 megapixel camera that is an 8 camera in
back and the front camera is 2
megapixels
He is far superior
the very good device just arrived and
if the touch is turning it off you
to observe
show his sides
the dimensions are perfect the little duds
are you buying the iphone 5 or
enters perfectly in him because he has
all faithful dimensions or the original
Okay, now, the piece of land you
take a look at his manual
here you have
the wine needs opening of the case
Yes, I own a data cable.
loading the
his bakery
everything perfect guys very good - rep
very good season
note 10 there I can say
Repeating, I like to do this.
he is not an alcoholic is a quad core and
if you have 1 gb of ram its camera is 8
megapixels and internal memory 8 gillette
also remembering opening in the
side
releasing studio it can be expanded
until 64 ok
it is a micro sd of memory is only
replace it gets 64 from renan
That's good, people. This is the video.
all doubts that no longer
guidelines just send a question
a hug